What should I do if my life isn't fun anymore and everything feels pointless and violated?

What you’re really feeling is the loss of purpose in your heart. People might say you’re depressed or some sh*t but, I mean what ur just feeling is loss of anything worthy to strive for, It’s not like u don’t have goals, or dreams. It’s just your goals or dreams doesn’t feel that worth it now, even when u imagine achieving them, or actually do achieve them. And that’s like a condition where there is no outside cure. A doctor can’t treat what’s on the inside, sure he might give u anti-depressants or tell u do this to fix that in your life & u can be happy on the outside but inside there is no meaning, no sense of joy, nothing, ur just a hollow man. To counter that, you’ve to find your essence. Back when Aristotle was still around people, People thought “Everyone had an essence, given by the big man himself”. But that’s not very popular these days, Religion was the new hip, when Rome was an empire. In a sense, christians were hipsters at that time, they were the cool kids. But now people don’t need god, And as Neitizche famously said, “God is dead, and we’ve killed him” what he meant was that after the age of enlightment & reason & the scientific advancements we had outgrown a need of having a divine being pulling all the strings.

Let me tell u a Story about a Old King u can actually relate to, his name was Sisyphus, he was a king back when history & myth were indistinguishable. He was a hedonistic man, married his own sister-in-law, cheated on her even, with many women, craved power & money over anything, In a sense he was just like us. He cheated the Death 3 times [not exactly like us, It seems], that made Zeus very angry, & he gave Sisyphus a punishment much worse then death itself. He was given a simple task of rolling a boulder up a hill in the morning & then watch it roll back down at the end of each day. He had to do this task for all eternity. Now u think ur life is pointless, huh…. think what he must’ve felt, Everything he does is so Futile & pointless, & of no consequence to anybody. But actually Camus thought & as he wrote in his famous essay, “Each atom of that boulder, each mineral flake of that mountain forms a new world in itself. The Struggle itself towards the height is enough to fill a man’s heart. One must Imagine Sisyphus happy.” I mean that’s the last think someone might imagine Sisyphus to be. But like us, he must get up everyday & fight struggle for somethin’ that is in broader sense meaningless, It looks like senseless suffering to us But. Camus’s thinkin was Sisyphyus enjoyed the mundanity & ultimate futility of the task, & that his enjoyment of doing the task, was even a shock to all the Gods.

What u can do Right now is - Just sit up, close ur eyes, take a few deep breathes. Remove all ur thoughts for a few seconds & listen to the silence. Then do the first thing that comes to ur mind, whatever u want to do, And just do it. No matter u succeed or not just try it, Just bcuz u can, just bcuz u r alive. You have forgotten the joy of struggling towards the heights, & that enough can fill ur heart more then all the money & women in the world….